it's the breeding season and today young
star DC is being brought out to mate
with Maggie DC is an old hand at this my
goodness me as you can see he's already
getting a little bit frisky when he does
this it's called lemon and he's
basically smelling her and then he runs
that smell over us an organ called
Jacobson's organ in the roof of his
mouth and that smell will tell him
whether or not she is actually properly
in season Maggie must be in season
otherwise she wouldn't put up law of
dc's hot-blooded commotion hurry love
[Music]
this is Maggie's first ever date and DC
needs to take things a little bit slower
you're being a very good girl Maggie
aren't you is it worth persevering with
nature will take its course in good time
if DC Tom's down
but if not the Rather's warming up on
the stubs bench